**Interactive Observation: The Palms**

I observed the palm tree area in front of the main C2 building. This area is interactive because there is cement block seating, tables, and chairs for people to utilize. It is located right in the center of campus so many students, staff, faculty, and guests pass through to get to their jobs, classes, or other engagements. People sit down and have conversations with their friends, others do work at the tables, and some lie down to take a break from their day. People interact with this space in both social and academic contexts. Meetings take place here when people want some fresh air, and the palm trees provide great scenery as well. As students transition between their classes this space has heavy traffic with people quickly meeting up before moving on with their plans. 

The palm tree area acts as a hub for the campus. During night hours it is not as interactive, however you may see students meeting therefor conversation or pleasure. It is an outdoor area that people interact with when needed or convenient. It is also a known spot on campus for people to meet, take a break, have a quick snack, or relax and listen to music. At the front of the palm area is the nyuad sign which attracts visitors to take pictures around it. Sometimes teachers bring their classes here to have a discussion while in an open, outdoor space. 

I think what allows this space to function in such a flexible way is the fact that it is in the center of the campus and thus by default will have people moving through it. The choice to add chairs and tables makes it more interactive as people can now do work under the palms. Before the chairs and tables were added the space was mainly only used casually by students. The trees give the space an outdoor feeling despite the lack of other greenery in the area. The design of this space suggests for it to be used multiple purposes including casual engagements, meetings, academic studies, etc. 
